Rar-rah, you are a noisy little lion. Rar-rah, you are louder than the low. In the cup
of a cup we're lucky here, Naked call. In the jingle-jangle-jangle, the noisy lion
goes. In the jingle-jangle-jangle, with my friends and yours.
Hup-dee, jotsy, croquis. Rar-rah, steady. Rar-rah, rar-rah.
It's the jingle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jang go noise.
Rar-rah, rar-rah. It's the jingle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle-jangle.
Hello and welcome to the jingle-jangle-jangle-jangle.
I wonder who's making fun of that noise.
Ah-ha, it's Rar-rah. Hello, Rar-rah.
Oh, hello. Where are you off to?
I'm going to see if croquis wants to play.
Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.
Hello, croquis. Hello, Rar-rah.
What are you doing?
It's my tooth. It's all wobbly.
Look.
Oh. It's very wibbly wobbly.
Yes it is!
Whipple, whipple, whipple, whipple!
Crocus tooth is loose!
Ahhh!
That's a tooth that's loose!
Um, why is your tooth wobbly, Crokey?
I don't know!
Maybe you brushed it loose!
No!
I always brush my teeth very carefully!
Me too!
Mmmmmmmm!
Did you bang it?
No!
Mmmmmmmm!
Come on!
Let's go and see Topsy!
She'll know why your tooth's gone wobbly wobbly!
Crocus tooth is loose!
Whipple, whipple, whipple, whipple!
Let's have a look!
Open wide!
Ahhh!
Oh yes! Your tooth is wobbly wobbly!
Hmmmm!
Let's see!
Ah!
The big book of teeth!
Perfect!
What does it say?
Hmmmm!
Ah!
Yes!
Wobbly teeth!
It's normal for a tooth to get loose and wobbly!
Oh!
I'm going to have a tooth wobbly!
It's normal for a tooth to get loose and wobbly, like crookies!
Yes, Rarer!
It gets wobbly and wobbly until it falls out.
Then a new big tooth grows in its place!
Ahhh!
A big tooth!
But you have to wait for the tooth to fall out on its own!
Ah!
Rarer!
Hello falling out yet?
Let me see!
Ahhh!
No!
Not yet!
How about now?
Ahhh!
No!
It's still there!
Oh!
Where's my wobbly tooth going to fall out?
I don't know!
Let's do something that will help it fall out!
Great idea, Rarer!
Bye, Topsy!
Huh?
Oh!
Bye, Cookie!
Bye, Rarer!
You who?
Hock, day!
Over here!
Hello, Rarer!
Hello, Cookie!
What are you doing?
My tooth is wobbly and wobbly!
Look!
Ahhh!
Ohhh!
Wow!
We're trying to help it fall out!
Oh!
Maybe the chuff chuff chuffing of my train will jiggle it out!
Great idea, Hock, day!
Come on!
All aboard!
Chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff!
Cookie stoop disloose!
We're boob, boob, boob, boob, boob, cookie stoop disloose!
Rarer, have a look!
Ahhh!
Have that fallin' out?
No.
Sorry, Croky.
Not yet.
Maybe guy's help?
Come on then!
Tooo-oo house,
All aboard!
Ahhh!
Chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff chuff!
Cookie stoop disloose!
We're boob, boob, boob, boob, boob, cookie stoop disloose!
We're the wobble wobble crocky to the loose.
Let's have a look, Crockeye.
Oh, yes!
Dance the wigglyest, wobblyest, too far ever saw.
We're trying to help it fall out.
Maybe jumping on the trampolines will jiggle it out.
Great idea, uh-uh. Let's jiggle a jump to it.
Come on then, all aboard.
Toot toot!
Crockeye see the loose.
We're the wobble wobble wobble crocky to the loose.
Boy, we're the ho-ho!
We're the ho-ho!
Crockeye see the loose.
Head up falling out now.
Ah...
No.
It's still there.
What are we going to do?
Hmm. Maybe...
Zeppie can help.
Come on, all aboard.
Toot toot!
Zeppie's eyes!
Doot doot!
Crockeye see the loose.
We're the wobble wobble crocky to the loose.
Let me have a look.
Ah...
Oh, yes.
Your teeth is wobbly, isn't it?
Maybe skipping in a circle will jiggle it out.
Good ideas, Erby!
Come on, everybody!
Skip, skip, skip, skip, skip, skip, skip, skip.
Crockeye see the loose.
We're the wobble wobble crocky to the loose.
Now, head up falling out.
Ah...
No.
It's still there.
But it's very, very, wibbly wobbly now.
There you are.
Are you still trying to wiggle that toothless?
Yes.
It just won't fall out.
Teased riggling is hungry work.
Who'd like a snack?
Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes!
Yay, yay, yay!
I got it!
Mmm, lovely crunchy apples.
Thank you, Topsy.
Look at that!
There's a tooth!
Ha ha! In the apple!
It's my wibbly-wibbly tooth!
My book said it would fool out all by itself, and it did!
Woohoo!
Yay!
Um, are you alright, Rara?
Yes, but...
One of my teeth is wobbling now!
Rara's teeth is loose!
Whipple, whirl, whirl, whirl, whirl,
Jiggle, jiggle, jiggle, jiggle, jiggle,
Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, wiggle,
Rara's teeth is loose!
Ha ha!
Now that's a tip that's loose!
Goodbye!
Rara, you are a rar!
I know I see you little higher!
Now that's a tip that's loose!
In the jiggle, jiggle, jiggle, jiggle,
Go no A!
Rara!